the traffic that follows an air strike
is now terrifyingly familiar stretchers
used for the fortunate shoulders or
blankets FY the
rest the young faces of this war are
wide-eyed and Alive With
Fear the dead elsewhere laid out by the
Dozen shrouds in all
sizes a cart and horse left to carry the
wounded vehicle passengers desperate to
depart with danger
close shots shock the crowd outside this
Hospital the semi-automatic
crackles a constant
soundtrack in gaza's southern tip the
plight of the displaced is plain to see
a cluster of crowded
tents among them a shelter offering
little safety for anas mosle a mother
with her kids cast out of their home we
spend all night hearing rockets and
bombing we are living between life and
death we may die at any moment it may be
our turn and our kids turn her family is
still somehow luckier than some others
with even less support their entire
existence is on the side of this road
little besides blankets and bags of
clothes
our children have started to hate the
night this is something given to us by
God but because of fear when we hear the
planes we know there is a strike
coming some in Gaza still try to flee
finding safety is now their daily
struggle villm marks Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer